Usage:
  ./run [OPTION...]
  All options have to be provided, except for those that have default value.

 General options:
  -h, --help             Print this help.

 Problem options:
  -w, --bits arg         Number of bits in a byte.
                         Valid values are from 1 to 32.
  -r, --redundant arg    Number of columns in encoding matrix (i.e, number of
                         bytes added to the message).
                         Valid values are from 1 to 2^w.
  -k, --original arg     Number of rows in enconding matrix (i.e, number of
                         bytes in original message).
                         Valid values are from 1 to 2^w.

 Solving options:
  -f, --formulation arg  Type of formulation to use to solver the first stage
                         problem.
                         Valid values:
                             1: Formulation   I: Exclusive.
                                 In this formulation, every X and Y is assigned
                                 to a specific row or column.
                             2: Formulation  II: Binary
                                 In this formulation, X and Y are represented
                                 as their binary strings.
                             3: Formulation III: Combination
                                 In this formulation, X and Y are assigned as
                                 disjoint subsets of {1 ... 2^w}.
                             4: Fromulation  IV: Complete Exclusive
                                 This formulation combines Formulation I and
                                 prime multipliers X' and Y'.
  -s, --secondstage arg  Type of second stage to solve.
                         Valid values:
                             0: Do not solve second stage problem.
                             1: Use prime row/col heuristic.
                             2: Use branch-and-bound enumeration algorithm.
                             3: Use integer programming.
  -t, --timelimit arg    First-stage solver time limit. (default: 600)
  -L, --nofsol arg       Number of solutions to solve the second stage for.
                         (default: 1)

